10.16.23 update
### live notes 
1. scale setting 
	
	- def of fk/fpi ,mk, mpi flag recommends different values . su3 isosymmetric point. using updated results from FLAG makes significant shift in scales , shifts $t_0$ to the left?




### my notes : 
This is all the way from 3.14.23...
for ** scale setting:
- run bs fits of all the coorelators, omega, pi, k
- use new $w0/a$ data; **are we doing this?
- simult fit ie. $\sqrt{t_0/a}$
- produce the bootstrapped files

After discussion regarding our proposed new fit meta-strategy, namely:
For both the $F_\pi$ and $MeV$ parameterized fits, we proposed performing both fits in lattice units which would allow us to model average a $F_\pi$ and $MeV$ model together. However, we came to an agreement that this implementation is likely more pain than its worth. Hence, we will simply report the model averages for $F_\pi$ and $MeV$ separately. 

## scale setting correlation study ##
(Might) be interesting to investigate if the scale setting uncertainty propagates?
- Can we confirm that we safely remove cross correlations when converting to mev?
	- A: Yes, we dont need to discard the off diagonal elements of the correlation matrix because we can truncate the y data to only include the particular strangeness sector we want, thus removing inter-strangeness correlations (eg. between the xi and lambda baryons)
In the first phase of the analysis, we load our hyperon correlator data and pseudoscalar data. We would like to determine the degree to which the correlations in the $a_{fm}$ (lattice spacing) data impact the conversion to physical units. We have three options:
1. retain full scale setting correlation 
2. retain partial scale setting correlation 
3. remove all scale setting correlation 

Let us call $a_{fm}$ the scale setting data stored on disk. 

## Task list ##
### plots
- A plot comparing $m_\pi$ vs. $F(m_k^2 - \delta_{N\Sigma}) vs. \delta_N\{\Sigma,\Sigma^*\}*$   **check this
- $m_\pi$ dependence of nonanalytic mass corrections 
- $\epsilon_\pi$ vs. $M_H / \Lambda_\chi$
- $\epsilon_a$ vs $M_H / \Lambda_\chi$


### finite volume corrections

$M_B - \Sigma_B(M_B) = {\bar{M}[8]} ; B \in [8] = \{N,\Lambda,\Sigma,\Xi\}$
$M_B - \Sigma_B(M_B) = {\bar{M}[10]} ; B \in [10] = \{Delta,\Sigma,\Sigma,\Xi\}$






